there is a lot of humor in the book I
know that you were talking about driving
around and one of your neighbors caught
you
driving around well it was the one time
I could go out that I could get away
with anything because it was Halloween
oh wow yeah sure and so I made the
excuse it was the night before a
Halloween actually so I just yelled
doctoral winner ah I'm going to a
Halloween party and then she was gone
and then you were gone well I was gone
but yeah I were you going to a Halloween
party no just I think around more sirits
yes no I did a lot of that I am its when
you deal with this issue I mean we've
got every every story is a different
story every journey is a different story
I am NOT a spokesperson for the trans
community I'm only really a spokesperson
for my journey and then take my platform
which I have and see if I can make a
difference in the world kind of the last
person I'm a person of faith and the
last thing I had to get through was in
God's eyes how does he see me and how am
i doing because every person who's
dealing with any issue they always kind
of look back if they have any faith
whatsoever in their life they kind of
look back and they say why why did God
do this to me why why has God gender for
you why has gender and my identity been
an issue in my life since I was that big
I don't understand it and am i doing a
good job with it and I just got to the
point where fortunately I had raised ten
wonderful children Kris and I we had
gone our separate directions not because
of gender issues but because of other
things and there I was back in Malibu
and all by myself and I slowly went
through told all my children because it
had been just hammered all over the
media yeah right the longest time right
in fact guys like you know well making
some right oh we didn't know what was
happening I know it is okay
we didn't know what's going on I was
sorry about hard time you did yeah he
deserves it he said some really terrible
thing that's why I thought I would do
this thank you
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you like that
click the subscribe button below and
good things will happen forever